# The Ledgend of  El.Rado 

## The Raids:  
2025 News article from MajorNews.biz.  Set up the value of the drive with describing the shutdown of the El.Rado and the failure of the government to prosecute fmc at trial for running El.Rado though he is sent to prision on other charges.  Need to explain that one of the issues here is that fmc would not reveal the key and crypto prevented them from accessing the evidince as well as other digital files.
 
	<h1>Agents Shutdown Online Black Bazar</h1>
	<i>MajorNews.biz Mar. 1 2025</i>
	After and extensive opeartion lasting several years Law Enforcement Agents working on Task Force Columbus have shut down the online marketplace known as El.Rado.  Users of the service were able to purchase many illegal products and services including: narcotics, forged carbon credits, fradulent identities & contract services.  The agents coordinatared a series of raids against various hosting locations and private residences in an attempt to shut down this online criminal empire which Task Force Commander Agent Marshal Stevenson commented, "readched into almost every state in the contenential union and frusturated agent's actions via its use of anonomizing services and a form on online payment which does not require the use of centralized payment card procesors".

	Users of this underground service used a digital currency known as AU79 to conduct thier transactions.  Unlike forms of payment used by legitimate buisinesses and law abiding citiens which travel through establiched channels for tracking, auditting and verification.  AU79 is exchanged directly form person to person which makes it very difficult for agents to track down usres of transactions. Payment Card Industry representtives contacted for this story on background informed MajorNews.biz that this so called "crypto currency" is used by persons online who's activites would not be approved by the groups which his industry association represents.  The spokesperson went onto remark, "some claim that AU79 was created to allow people to exchange goods person to person without leaving a digital trail and the name comes from Gold's location on the Periodic Table.  However, our research indicates that AU79 was created to keep it 'All Under 79%' refering to the US Government's tax rate.  Our industry is committed to ensureing that transactions can be auditted and that all citizens pay thier fair share."

	The prime suspect detained is Felix Marcos Cortezi, 29 of San Diego CA.  Agents using a valid warrant breached the allegged mastermind's apartment at 4 AM Pacific time this morning suprising the suspect and an unnammed minor, there were no reported injuries to officers or to the suspect.  Though the agents did not encounter any armed resistance during the operation or seize any weapons, unnnamemd law enforcment sources have infomred MN.B that they did recover a large amount of radical political materails, narcotics and a number of servers, hard drives and other electronic equipemnt.  The only drama duing the opperation was a power surge which caused a local transformer to blow, occuring only moments after the breaching charges detonantted it added a bit of punch to standard law enforcment operations.  
    
    During a briefing which took place after the raid, Task Force Commander Stevenson informed reporters that the electronic equipment seized is belived to contain a the files and databases which ran El.Rado as well as a large ammount of AU79.  "A task force of this size would not have been setup to take down someone selling VCRs out of the back of a van, even though the transactions were carried out with fake moey, the value of all of the transactions on El.Rado are estimated at around 50 Million USD".  Commander Stevenson continued, "El.Rado was a marketplace for criminal transactions between two parties which often did not trust eachother.  Suspect Cortez acted as a 'trusted' 3rd party in the transactions leaving a large amount of AU79 a so called 'digital currency' frozen on these devices at the time of his arrest."  Academic analysis of the AU79 system have indicated that it could act as a system of anonomous transactions, prosecution sources told MN.B that they ar confident any "digital gold" will only act as an anchor around the neck of the defendant during his prosection.  
    
    Felix Cortez was brought to the San Diego County Courthouse after his arrest and is expected to face an arraignmet latter today.  The Federal Prosecutor Ioanna Picasso is confident that, "Someone accused to running such a significant illegal market place wheather online or off shouldn't expect to waltz out the front door of the courthouse." Asside from the unnammed minor agents turned over to Childrens Services Cortez does not appear to have any other connections to the San Diego area though there are rumors of a distant family in Columbia which could lead the court to consider Mr. Cortez a flight risk and remand him to custody.
    
    Stay tuned to MajorNews.biz for continued updates on this breaking story.
 
    <h1>Evidence Goes up in Digital Smoke</h1>
	<i>MajorNews.biz Jun. 29 2025</i>
    The trial of Felix Cortez, the alleged mastermind of the online black market service El.Rado, appears to have hit a snag this week.  Cortez's public defender Winona Johnston made a motion for an evidentiary hearing regarding the prosecurtions claims that Cortez operated El.Rado.  "We are not disputing that the drives were found in a unit rented by my client.  However, the prosecution has been unable or unwilling to provide me with forensic copies of the materials which were on the dirves and equipment seized in the March 1st raid".  The most serious charge which Mr. Cortez faces are under the RICO statue and these records were considered to be a critical part of the case against him.  
    
    At a June 19th hearing Presiding Judge Steven Rogers questioned Federal Prosecutor Ioanna Picasso about the status of the evisdince.  In response Ms. Picasso informed the court that, "During the raid of the suspects residence a power surge or something took place and the data became garbled, you know how computers can be".  MajorNews.Biz's court reporter indicated that Judge Rogers was not ammused by the tone of these comments or that the prosecutor was wasting his time.  Picasso was quick to attempt to recover her footing asking the judge for a continuance to allow for Federal technicians to have additional time to work with the date.  Mrs. Johnston objected that, "My client has been detained more than two months without being allowed to view the evidince against him."  Judge Rogers granted the prsecution a 7 day continuance but warned that he would allow no futher delays with a defendant under pre trial detention.

    At the followup hearing on June 26th the prosecution reported to the judge that the files were not corrupted but that the defendant had used some form of advanced encryption to make the records uninteliglble.  US Attourney Picasso then attempted to make a motion compeing the defendant to reveal the key or password to the encryption.  Defense attourney Johnston objected that her client could not be forced to reveal something which he did not have. 
    
    Winona Johnston: Objection your honor!  How can my client turn something over to the prosecution which he does not have posession of?
    
    Prosecutor Picasso: You cannot be serious, the computers were in his apartment, they were on, there was a power surge as the agents went in.  He obvously used some sort of program to hide his criminal activities!
    
    Winona Johnston: When will I receive the evidince backing that...
    
    <Gavel>
    
    Judge Rogers: That will be enough! Unless the prosecution has additional evidince to support the claim that the defendant took I am ready to rule on the motion.  Ms. Picasso?
    
    Prosecutor Picasso: Your honor, though I don't have any specific evidince that the defendant is reposnsible for this intentional concealment of evidince, common sense would indicate...
    
    Judge Rogers: That does not constitute evidence in my court room.  I'll ask again do you have any ecvidince to back up your theory?
    
    Prosecutor Picaso: Not at this time your honor.  However, I would request an additional continauce to bring in some additional technical support from a govenrment agency specialzing in defeating encryption.
    
    Judge Rogers: I was very specific in my previous ruling that this trial would get under way.  The defense's motion is granted and the digital evidince against Mr. Cortez cannot be intorduced to the jurry
    
    <Gavel>
    
    Winona Johnston: Your honor based on your rulling I further move that the charges against my client be dropped due to insufficent evidince.
    
    Judge Rogers: Motion denied, we will continue to trial.  Short Date.
    
    <Gavel>
    
    -Court Transcripte June 26 2025
    
    At the conlcusion of the hearing both parties doubled down on thier positions.  Prosecutor Picasso "Though the judge has taken some of our evidince away, the people still have the narcotics seized at the scene of the raid as well as Internet and call records indicating that Mr. Cortez was responsible for the operation of El.Rado.  This is a strong circumstantial case and a jury will see that as well."  Defense Attourney Winona Johnston reiterated that her client, "Does not have the indicated keys and does not know what was on the devices seized" continuing that "if a task force we as tax payers funded for years had not conducted a raid before all of the facts were in order they might be closer to the true propriator of El.Rado."
    
    Stay tuned to MajorNews.biz for continued updates on this breaking story.
 
	<h1>Fed Finger Pointing as Digital Don Case Colapses</h1>
	<i>MajorNews.biz Jul. 15 2025</i>
    
    After two weeks of testimony the trial of Felix Cortez, the alleged mastermind of the online black market service El.Rado, has ended with results that will please no one.  In a loss for Federal Prosecutor Ioanna Picasso the jury was unable to retun a verdict on the top count of the indictment acusing Mr. Cortez of Operation El.Rado an online service which was closed in a dramatic raid in march of this year.  However, it is not a complete victory for Mr. Cortez and his Defense Attourney Winona Johnston as the jury did retun a verdict of guilty for the narcotics seized in his residence the day of the raid.  In a secentensing hearing following the jurry's delivery of this verdict presiding Judge Steven Rogers scentences the defendant to 10-15 years for the posession of narcotics.  
    
    Since the top count of the indictment resulted in a hung jurry Mr. Cortex could face further attempts by the prosecution to prove that he was the operator of El.Rado.  The underground service reported to have facilitated more than the equivilent of 50 million USD in the online 'Curency' AU79. El.Rado has disappeared from the Internet since the raid and US Attourney Picasso commented that, "We attempted to show that jurry that this service disapeared after the defendant's apartment was raided and has not returned while he has been in custody but since our digital evidince was corupted we were unable to provide sufficent evidince to the jurry.  I encourage Task Force Columbus to continue to access these records.  MajorNews.biz reached out to Task Force Commander Marshal Stevenson who's only response was, "I cannont comment on an investigation once it leaves the agents under my command."  Evidince will be retained if further prosecution will take place.
    
    Mr. Cortez already remanded to custoday was transfered to the Federal Marshals service and will begin serving his scentence at a location to be determined by the department of corrections.  The minor who was also present at March raid still has not been identified though MN.B can confirm that Childrens Services has been attempting to contact any additional family but at this time no connections have been made.  

    Stay tuned to MajorNews.biz for continued updates on this breaking story.

 
## The Grind:  
2050 establish San Diego in the present day of the story, send mmc to work, daily grind and how locating edr would help.  End this section in a cube reminsing over the loss of fmc and for his desire to get out of San Diego if he had the cash
## The Incarceration:  
2025 Micro-Autobiography from the cellmate of fmc covering fmc in prision and his interaction with m13 ending with his death. A cellmate needs to be mentioned here so that mmc can attempt to track him down in future.  fmc will bost in prision about what is waiting for him when he makes it out, the ledgend of edr reaches m13.  Make sure to include details about the cirme scene which will be included in the Warning and The Trouble.
## The Search:  
2050 mmc bored at work having read "everything" on HiveNews.net he fires of a random search about edr and the reader can be shown how the ledgend of edr has just been blown up over time, get rich quick scams, spam bots, conspiracy theories polute the search results. He decides that he will use the internal government search that he has access to as a contarctor.  His boss's monitoring system notices this search and mmc is called out on vilating comany policy AGAIN this time endulging his curiosity in a "conspiracy" and is fired. 
## The Warning:  
2036 News article for MajorNews.biz describing the gastly scene which police encountred as they investigate the murder of a shady online marketer who bragged that he knew the location of the lost trove from El.Rado and could sell the location of the key.  Police are not sure who committed the crime but use news speak to imply that it was m13 who zeroed in onto the target after an online post he made refered to having the key
## The Strikeout:  
2050 mmc is costing on his AU79 savings but they won't last long.  The new job search is not going great and his small apartment is filling up with cheap food containters and the last thing he needs is a wodden crate showing up.  He is the next of kin and the government, also short on funds, can not keep storing evidince from a 25 year old case.  mmc will mess around with the gear, talk about how old it is, have some nostalgia about the old tech, locate some files relating to El.Rado and have his interst peaked.  As the chapter ends he will post a status message to HiveNews.net about the delivery and that maybe being fired was the push that he needed to search for edr.  They keyword triggers an m13 alert.
## The Trove:  
2040 News aritcle from MajorNews.biz about the stability of AU79 vs USD during a shaky economic time period in which a bubble in He3 tradding activity combined with a further weakening of confidence in the government and a move to the bust avoiding bits economy "intorduces" the concept of a digital currency backed by math.  In the article make some mentions of the history of AU79 and how one of the only major shocks to it was when a large percentage of the finite amount of AU79 was lost from the market place when it was seized when it was invovled in El.Rado.  No serious mentions to El.Rado
## The Trip:  
2050 after realizing what he has in The Strikeout mmc has to get back in touch with someone who has the same access he had as a contractor.  The new government systems can break the obsolete encryption used by fmc to "secure" the contents of the El.Rado drives.  He will strike out with making contact with any of his old co-workers when he went down town.  There will be an encounter where the boss who dismissed him shows up to preasure the collegeue who mmc is having lunch with to blow him off.  mmc will take some petty payback and see that the boss leaves his id on the table, mmc pockets is so that the boss can waste some time on paper worl replacing them.  One of these coworkers will post on NiveNews.net that they met up with mmc use his username and talk about how he is a nut job to be using the last of his AU79 to get access to a lab to work on some old drives to continue the hunt for edr that got him fired.  When he returns to his apartment the crate will be gone along with some other valuables.  On the table is a note from his landlord about holding onto his junk as colateral incase his newly unemployed tenant is unable to make the rent payment.  Though the non technical landlord has not taken any of the older equipment, mmc hides the drives in his oven. 
## The Taxman:  
2045 Post on HiveNews.net the US government strapped for cash is using it's imense computational power and backlog of records to go back and find some fines to apply to people who owe back taxes, corporations that hoodwinked government reuglators with tax loop holes and any other trick to pierce the corporate shields that people place around themselves to hide thier assets from the government.  As the currency moves away from the USD to AU79 their power to control things is begining to fail.  The post should be written in a libertarain I told you so voice with a focus being on promotion of getting away from the USD and offering exchanges
## The  Trouble:  
2050 mmc retuns from his latest attempt at contacting an old co worker to find his apartment complex in a state of panic.  With tones similar to that of The Warning the complex is a crime scene, fenced off with yellow police tape with a concentration focused around the landlord's unit.  mmc and his neighbors will be forced across the street to a dinner to wait for the police to do thier work.  mms will receive updated from the people around him as well as information from HiveNews.net about the nature of the crime.  In a comment someone will bring up the article written in The Warning, though since it is from MajorNews.biz the commenter will be trolled into oblivion however, mmc will start to have some flashbacks to his fathers death.  After being allowed to return to his unit, he sees that his door has been forced open and that the message his landlord left him regarding his property is gone and other things in the apartment have been moved. In a panic he checks the oven and the drives are there, at that point there is a knock on the door which is the police with more questions.  2050 police are under funded and over worked so they are unlikley to really work the case but if they found the note or can link him to trouble with the landlord, and with his family history he could be in a bit of pinch.  When the police see a nervous mmc answer the door that is the direction things head and mmc gets to spend a few hours in the tlc of the SDPD.  As they pull away from the complex mmc sees a number of individuals bearing m13 inconography follow HIM. 
## The Out:  
2049 MajorNews.biz Listacle Famous New Lives. Write in the Buzzfeed style to describe people how have had a second chance, attempted to fake thier own deaths, had a second family, or famous witness protection cases.  Need to use this chapter as a way to set up how with some cash mmc can get out of San Diego and cover his tracks from m13.
## The Moonshot:  
2050 mmc will spend 24 hours with the TLC of the SDPD and be allowed to leave.  Though he was taken to HQ and let go with only the bag containing the drives he belive now contain the edr.  Not only did he see the m13 members follow the car to the station, since he is no longer invovled in the case SDPD cannot find it in thier budget to drive him home. This chapter is a panicked move through the sprawl of downtown San Diego with his plan to trust government incompetince and using some lifted credentials from his boss and walk back into the lab. A suit and some social engineering latter the plan launches
## The Hive:  
2050 HiveNews.net HIVENEWS USER ABUSES ANIMALS BEATS HIS LANDLORD, HELP US FIND HIM.  m13 uses thier contorl of hivenews.net to put mmc under the magnifying glass.  Look at the coverage of 4chan and reddit campaigns to see how things get blown out of proportion.
## The River:  
2050 mmc sees that HiveNews coverage of his abuse and know he knows that the rumors of m13's ownership are true and his only chance is to use these stolen creds to get onto the base, crack the drive and use the AU79 to get out of San Diego and start over.  Though with this encrytion he cannot be sure that he has the drive, that there is enough to live on, he is betting his life on the turn of one drive platter.  
## The Competitor:  
2051 MajorNews.biz coverage for the launch of DFNews.in a competitor in the social news space, talk about the claims of sabatogeing the encumbant in the space HiveNews. Indian company backed by a founder who wishes to stay in the background and is a new commer to the Bangalore Startup Scene but is looking to help people turn over a new leaf.
